h1. description

autoaptitude are some scripts for manage installed packages via aptitude.


h2. install

You can get autoaptitude in differend ways:

h3. git clone

pre. ~$ mkdir bin
~$ cd bin
~/bin$ git clone git://github.com/jedie/autoaptitude.git
~/bin$ cd autoaptitude

h3. svn checkout

If you didn't have git installed, but subversion, use github SVN gateway:

pre. ~$ mkdir bin
~$ cd bin
~/bin$ svn checkout http://svn.github.com/jedie/autoaptitude.git
~/bin$ cd autoaptitude

h3. download with wget

If you didn't have git or subversion, you can use wget:

pre. ~$ mkdir bin
~$ cd bin
~/bin$ wget http://github.com/jedie/autoaptitude/zipball/master
~/bin$ unzip jedie-autoaptitude-XXXXXXX.zip
~/bin$ rm jedie-autoaptitude-XXXXXXX.zip
~/bin$ mv jedie-autoaptitude-XXXXXXX autoaptitude

--You must change XXXXXXX to the current git hash value ;)--


h2. usage

h3. create packagelist.txt

pre. ~$ cd bin/autoaptitude
~/bin/autoaptitude$ ./create_packagelist.py

A new **packagelist.txt** file would be created.

After this, you can edit the **packagelist.txt**.
e.g. remove all packages you didn't need.

h3. apply packagelist.txt

To cleanup you system, apply the packageslist.txt with:

pre. ~/bin/autoaptitude$ sudo ./autoaptitude.sh

This script call aptitude two times.
You must confirm before your system will be changed.
 
It's a good idea to update the packages list with **aptitude update** before!


h2. links

The scripts based on: http://ubuntuforums.org/showthread.php?t=442974

* github project page: http://github.com/jedie/autoaptitude/
* german info: http://jensdiemer.de/permalink/177/ubuntu-mit-autoaptitude-aufraumen (de)


